---
title: "03 March 2024"
author: "Havamal"
date: 03-03-2024
image: "/images/posts/3Mar2024.jpg"
---

Einherjers and Valkyries, grave news passes the raven's beaks!

Our long-time drum machine and brother alike, Andreas, has chosen to step down as the drummer for Havamal.

Even though the news struck us like a comet, know that it's not born from any bad blood and we wil remain as close friends as ever. Andreas will always be as close a member of the Havamal-family as ever!

All of us in Havamal, Björn, Tino, Kjell and Lennie wish Andreas great fortune amd luck in his future endeavors. We know that wherever his ship may sail, the horizons will smile upon him.

Rest assured, Andreas will still fulfill all the tours and gigs we have planned for the near future. We will later in the year announce the final show together with our long-time brother. We will also present the dawn of someone equally worthy to bear the title of "Havamals Drumherjer".

Let us together raise our voices to the skies and give thanks to Odin for granting us these years with Andreas, and may Valhalla smile down upon his future journeys!

**Andreas's own words:**

_I've been on this journey and brotherhood for almost 7 years. For me it started om a warm sunny day in June 2017. What a jourrney it has been since then! What milestones we've reached together!_

_But as we all now, every journey has its end. It is time for me to step down as drummer in Havamal._

_I've felt for some time that I want to do something differently musically. What that may be we'll see when the time is right. It's time for me to mnove on to new adventures._

_There's no bad blood at all between us to begin with. This decision is mine only. But when you feel that you can't put your soul 100% into it any longer, then it's becoming an issue for you and it's not fair to yourself or anybody. Especially when it comes to making new music. Havamal is a lifestyle that needs its full attention._

_I've had so much fun during these years. Making a lot of great memories together with the guys. Making two records together, also **"The Storm King"** and **"Song of Nine"** singles. Seeing places, laughing at different crazy stuff on the road. Being hangry together in Paris and laughing about it after we found a place (the right place) to eat. But all this wouldn't be possible without our manager Brigitte! I'm forever grateful to her and the boys for everything._

_I'm proud of what we have done with this band and what it is today. But now it's time to pass the torch over to someone else. I'm ready to turn the page to a new chapter._

_However, as mentioned above. I will go on tour with the band in April and will play the shows we have booked till my very last show. More info when and where will be mentioned later on._

_Of course I will help the guys out before I leave, no hesitation. Again, there's no bad blood behind my decision at all. I will make the best possible show behind the drums every night! I hope to see you at the shows somewhere along the road!_

_I want to take the opportunity from the bottom of my heart to thank Björn, Kjell, Tino, Lennie, manager Brigite, and of course, every one of you for showing up at shows, buying merch and in general, showing support!_

_I truly wish the guys all the best in the future._

_Let us raise our horns together for one last ride!_

_Best regards,_

_Andreas_