---
title: "14 April 2024"
author: "Andreas Herlogsson"
date: 14-04-2024
image: "/images/posts/14Apr2024_AH.jpg"
---

"Hel over Europe" tour is now over.

What a ride!

8 dates in 3 different countries.

Germany, France and Belgium.

We've never played this good before.

Never been so orginazed together.

We've really been like an machine when it comes to travelling, load in, putting up our gear, soundchecking, play the show and then putting down everything and load the bus.

And to start it all over again the next day.

We really have stepped up many steps since the last tour 2 years ago.

I will cherish and remember this tour forever. I couldn't be more satisfied to have done this together with the gang.

And especially since this marked the beginning of the end for me in Havamal.

Every show has been a pure pleasure to play on this tour.

When I'm writing this we're on our way back home on a 1600km drive back home to Stockholm (we played our last show in Bree, Belgium last night).

I miss my family of course, but I'm surely gonna miss being on tour too.

It's really a special thing being on the road.

It's going to take some time to digest every day and perhaps hard to explain in detail what we did every day, but I thought it could be fun to show some photos anyway.

I want to thank the boys in [HAVAMAL](https://www.facebook.com/Havamalofficial) for everything.

Before we went, there was a little bit of nervosity about how everything would be on this tour because of my decision earlier this year about leaving the band.

But it came out nothing but a big loving family (Brigitte included) on a european tour.

And of course a massive thank you Brigitte ( [Hell Frog Promotion](https://www.facebook.com/HellFrogPromotion) ) for all the support and hard work with everything you're doing for the band and us.

After this tour there is still some shows left to play together till my very last show as the drummer in Havamal.

More info will come soon on what show and where that will be.