---
title: "24 August 2025"
author: "Hell Yeah Rock Club Crew"
date: 24-08-2025
image: "/images/posts/24Aug2025.jpg"
---

Believe it or not, Havamal is also throwing their release party at Palatset / Linköping on December 6th. They bring their buddies in Headsic & Bloodmarked to this evening, so no doubt here three bands one stage🔥🔥🔥

**HAVAMAL** 

After the great success of the European tour and many festivals in 2024 and 2025 (including a sold out in Paris, Månegarm Festival), the band will release the new album on November 21, 2025 and they will have their release party in Linköping !!! It will be the start of European tours and festivals for 2026!

**Headsic**

Since 2009, the Death Metal-Band Headsic (Gothenburg) has nailed themselves stuck and hung on in the eternally rotating metal scene. With their Relentless, Melodic and Thrashy Death Metal, the band has taken stages around Europe and slowly but surely built up what can best be described as a well-oiled live machine. Now with the latest album Caligo (LP, 2024) in the back, Headsic will show high quality death metal to Europe with many gigs and festivals in 2026!

**Bloodmarked**

From the dark and fog-height forests of Varberg, where the shadows dance with the whispers of the night, they take you on a journey beyond the city lights and into the enchanted world of mystery.
Prepare for a journey through folk tales and myths, into the dark home.
Brace yourselves because here they come.

Very welcome to Linköping / Palace Havamal, Headsic and Bloodmarked and all other hard people this will be epic.

/// 🤘🤘🤘 _Hell Yeah RC Crew_